add argo integration based on pod integration (#3897)
kubernetes-sigs/kueue: site/content/en/docs/tasks/run/pod-based-workloads/_index.md

---

> title: "Pod Based Workloads"

Reviewer: Maybe we could change the title to: "External integrations", or something similar? `Pod Based Workloads` can be a little misleading, since we already have `Plain Pods` section

Reviewer 2: I agree it is worth thinking about a good name, but we already have a concept of "external integrations" / custom jobs: https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/dev/integrate_a_custom_job/
So, it could be misleading too.

Reviewer 2: OTOH, now thinking more about this, Plain Pods is one of the mechanisms for supporting external frameworks, as suggested here: https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kueue/pull/3897#pullrequestreview-2569382461. 

So, I'm ok with the more generic section like "External integrations", then it should also probably group https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/run/flux_miniclusters/ and https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/run/wrapped_custom_workload/, and refactor the structure. WDYT @PBundyra @kannon92 ?

linkTitle: "Pod-based-workloads"
weight: 8
date: 2025-01-17
description: >

>   Using Pod Integration to support external integrations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Using Plain Pods Integration to support external integrations
```

---

> This page explains how to use pod integration to support external workloads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page explains how to use the [Plain Pods](https://kueue.sigs.k8s.io/docs/tasks/run/plain_pods/) integration to support external workloads.
```
WDYT, to make the linking more explicit?
